# Smart-Mentoring-and-Student-Management-System

We are growing in the world of technology and Mobile devices. Use of these devices in education system is common and very Important. Managing Student's attendance and various institutional services through mobile devices would give ease in proper organisation and time management.
In this modern and fasten World, Institutions do require smart attendance and students service management system instead of traditional pen and paper based systems. In smart mentoring and student services system Android mobile development platform is used for managing services through mobile devices. This System consists of one Electronic Device and Two android mobile Apps. Device is controlled by Mentors through App. The device is used to take Attendance and Sync this attendance with mobile memory , Apps are used to establish a database link between Mentors and Students. One App for Students and another is for Teachers/Mentors. In mentor App we can control Attendance device to get Attendance data based on fingerprint sensor or to enroll, deenroll, Verify fingerprints. Mentor will be able to covert the Attendance data to CSV sheet. They can also browse Less Attendance reasons(in case submitted) , Students feedback, Facilities requested by student, Applications Submitted for leave, Identity card etc. and their Skill set. Mentors will also be able to issue a notice to the all the students.
App for student consists of a system able to check their attendance and also request various services and provide feedback.
